
1、My dream 【has always been】（现在完成时，翻译成“一直，已经”） to work 【somewhere】（这里的somewhere表地点，后面的in an area也表示地点，故需要划掉一个，只翻译成一个地点） 【in an area】（地点状语，前置翻译） 【between fashion and publishing】（位于area这个n后，做定语，前置翻译）.

翻译点：
（1）现在完成时翻译成“一直，已经”。

翻译：
My dream has always been to work somewhere in an area between fashion and publishing.
我的梦想              一直是         在时尚业和出版业  之间  找份工作。 


2、Two years 【before graduating from 【secondary school】（中学）】（介词短语修饰years，其中 graduate from 属于固定搭配，graduate from sth 看成一个整体。前置翻译）, I took a sewing and design course thinking（补充主语，为 I was thinking，表示“我当时认为”） that I would 【move on to】（固定搭配，将 move on to sth看成一个整体，表示“继续从事……”） a fashion design course.

语法点：
（1）before后面接的是一个时间点，two years before表示的是在“这个时间点前的两年”，是为一段时间的。

翻译：
Two years before graduating from secondary school,
中学毕业前2年，

 I took a sewing and design course 
我 上了/修了   一门缝纫与设计课程，

thinking that I would move on to a fashion design course.
 我 【当时】认为（注意时态）   我将会  继续   学习/上（增译）   时尚设计课程。




3、However, during that course I realised that I was not good enough 【in this area】（地点状语，前置翻译） to compete with other creative personalities（意思：精英们） in the future, so I decided that it was not the right path for me.



翻译：
However, during that course
然而，那节课期间

I realised that I was not good enough in this area
我意识到：在这个邻域      我不够优秀

to compete with other creative personalities in the future,
所以：    我无法  与   其他富有创造力的精英们   去竞争

so I decided that it was not the right path for me.
因此：我决定    这不适合我



4、Before applying for university I told everyone that l would study journalism, because writing was, and still is, one of my favourite activities.


翻译：
Before applying for university
申请大学之前

I told everyone that l would study journalism,
我告诉大家        我将会学习新闻专业
 
because writing was, and still is, one of my favourite activities.
因为     写作   过去是     现在仍然是     我最喜欢的活动之一。




5、But, to be absolutely honest, I said it, because I thought that fashion and me together was just a dream — I knew that no one, apart from myself, could imagine me in the fashion industry at all!



But, to be absolutely honest（绝对诚实地说（表达一种程度），有点啰嗦，直接翻译成“老实说”就行了）, I said it,
但是    老实说/凭心而论							          我那样说

because I thought that fashion and me together was just a dream
是因为    我认为：我从事时尚行业


-I knew that no one, apart from myself,
我知道     除了我之外

could imagine me in the fashion industry at all!
完全（后面的at all）没有人能够想象        我从事时尚行业






6、So I decided to look for some fashion-related courses that included writing.     This is when I noticed the course“Fashion Media & Promotion”.

翻译：
So I decided to look for some fashion-related courses
所以  我决定   去寻找一些    有关时尚的、包含写作的   课程

that included writing.

This is when I noticed the course“Fashion Media & Promotion”.
这个时候       我留意到       “时尚传媒与推广”课程。



7、I shall define him as an individual who has elected（这里的elected缺少了宾语，其实这里是省略了it，it就是后面的“the activity of thinking in Socratic(苏格拉底) way about moral problems”） as his primary duty and pleasure in life the activity of thinking in Socratic(苏格拉底) way about moral problems.
 
翻译：（三个动词三句话）
I shall define him as an individual
1)我会将他定义成     这样的人。

who has elected as his primary duty and pleasure in life
2) 他  已经选择   它    作为         自己  毕生的（in life）  主要的职责和乐趣
 

the activity of thinking 【in Socratic(苏格拉底) way】（介词短语，要么做定语，要么做状语，都是修饰成分的，可以删掉） about moral problems.
3) 他  以苏格拉底的方式  思考道德问题。
